readme.md, before:

# Terminal Application - T1A3

## Text-Based Dungeon Crawler

Welcome to Amoria - a simple, single player, text-based dungeon crawler adventure! 

## Features List

### Classes

Amoria offers a simple choice for new adventurers at the start of their dungeon dive; three basic classes can be chosen by players prior to the commencement of the game. These three classes are: 

- Wizard
- Rouge
- Warrior

Object Orientated Programming (OOP) will be implemented as the main building blocks of this application, and each of the three classes above will be initialised as their own class within the code. 

### Dungeon Movement & Exploration

To progress through the dungeon, Amoria will require user input at a constant level to continue forward (or left... or right... or run away!). Each step on your journey will provide you with adequate descriptions of what you are seeing and providing you the oppurtunity to react to situations on your own terms. 

### Battle Features

Similar to some popular dungeon-crawler esque table-top role-playing games, Amoria uses a simple battle generator; your gear score will be put up against the monster's indicated challenge rating. This feature will really stipulate the requirement for exploration; as you progress further, the challenge rating for monsters will get higher and higher. Taking a linear path will only cause more trouble for players, so it is highly recommended to stop and take a breather, and really interact with the environment around you within Amoria. 

### Loot & Equipment 

Loot is a given in any dungeon crawler game, and Amoria won't stray from the trend!

### Dead (Dead?) Ends

### Amoria's Occupants

### 

## Implementation Plan

## Installation & Guide

## Code Styling Guide - PEP 8

Commit message:

commence structuring of classes for each class and weapon/armour inventories

readme.md, after:

# Terminal Application - T1A3

## Text-Based Dungeon Crawler

Welcome to Amoria - a simple, single player, text-based dungeon crawler adventure! 

## Features List

### Classes

Amoria offers a simple choice for new adventurers at the start of their dungeon dive; three basic classes can be chosen by players prior to the commencement of the game. These three classes are: 

- Wizard
- Rouge
- Warrior

Object Orientated Programming (OOP) will be implemented as the main building blocks of this application, and each of the three classes above will be initialised as their own class within the code. 

### Dungeon Movement & Exploration

To progress through the dungeon, Amoria will require user input at a constant level to continue forward (or left... or right... or run away!). Each step on your journey will provide you with adequate descriptions of what you are seeing and providing you the oppurtunity to react to situations on your own terms. 

### Battle Features

Similar to some popular dungeon-crawler esque table-top role-playing games, Amoria uses a simple battle generator; your gear score will be put up against the monster's indicated challenge rating. This feature will really stipulate the requirement for exploration; as you progress further, the challenge rating for monsters will get higher and higher. Taking a linear path will only cause more trouble for players, so it is highly recommended to stop and take a breather, and really interact with the environment around you within Amoria. 

### Loot & Equipment 

Loot is a given in any dungeon crawler game, and Amoria won't stray from the trend!

### Dead (Dead?) Ends

### Amoria's Occupants

## Implementation Plan

Object Orientated Programming (OOP) will be the main basis of creation for all source code of Amoria. 

- Classes<br>
        Each class will have it's own abilities, starting inventory and starting gear score

- Dungeon Movement <br>
        All movement within the dungeon will be held within the gameplay loop, and take user inputs to move their character through each room/floor in the dungeon. 

## Installation & Guide

## Code Styling Guide - PEP 8
